He's getting a divorce.
Don't even think about it.
Madam Ling Shao means
No one can care about you
Lose a little
You can also get compensation from Master Ling for you.
Here's a card.
As long as you sign
There are 500 million in it
Has he considered Xiao Rui's feelings?
That's not your concern.
You just need to know
Wu Ni received it and it didn't end well
It will be the old man's birthday party in a few days.
I want to be the daughter-in-law next door
Sign for the old man after his birthday
Is it OK with you?
Then I have to ask what retail means.
Yes, but your deadline is in three days.
I'll leave the lady alone for now
Uh-huh.
Oh, dear.
Let me guess who made my sister-in-law so angry?
What are you doing here?
What if your mother sees it?
Get out now
Afraid that the housekeeper and nanny will be taken away by me
As for the spirit liquid
He still doesn't know where to accompany other women
How could it be here?
other woman
The man who dares to steal my blood